DEP: remove deprecated casting in np.clip (#23403)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/23403.expired.rst

> * Remove deprecated ``casting=None`` from ``np.clip``. The behaviour was
>   deprecated in NumPy 1.17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``np.clip`` now defaults to same-kind casting. Falling back to
  unsafe casting was deprecated in NumPy 1.17.
* ``np.clip`` will now propagate ``np.nan`` values passed as ``min`` or ``max``.
  Previously, a scalar NaN was usually ignored.  This was deprecated in NumPy 1.17.
```
(Should have been a FutureWarning, but its been long enough...)
